As always, when translating from
symbolic logic to canonical English,
we work from the outside in, which means that we start by identifying the main connective,
and rendering that into canonical English, and then we go from there.
So in this case, the main connective is the conjunction, 'and'.
And to make this strictly canonical, we actually say,
"Both that and that".
Our next step is to consider
what the main connective is of this part. The main connective is
the quantifier phrase, so: "Some x is such that".
And the main connective of this part is this quantifier phrase,
"Every y is such that"
Now we have to replace the predicates:
"x is a fox"
And,
"y is a goose."
So here's our sentence:
"Both some x is such that x a fox and every y is such that y is a goose"
Can we replace our variables with pronouns?
We get:
"Both something is such that it is a fox
and everything is such that it is a goose."
Do you see the problem here with the "it"s?
This 'it' goes back to 'something' and the other 'it' should go back to 'everything'.
But it's possible somebody might misunderstand,
and think that it goes back to 'something'.
So we've introduced to potential ambiguity.
We can go one step further,
and eliminate this ambiguity,
with the simpler "both something is a fox and everything is a goose"